,word
0, Election Day 2020 the price I paid for 93 Premium gas was $1.98. The day you took office it was $2.25. A day ago I paid $4.51. That’s 125% since your election &amp; 100% since you took office. You did that Joe. Quit deflecting and fix your fucked up policies. 👎 fjb joeisbraindead
1,"  Gas buddy prices are user reported, could just be a case of a user reporting the wrong price"
2, Was this played at Trailer Park Stadium or is the price of gas that bad they can't mow the grass?
3,"""BIDENS WORRIED ABOUT GREEN ENERGY AND BLAMING MOM N POP GAS STATION'S FOR PRICE """"GOUGING"""" LMFAO WAT A JOKEEEEE!!! THEN LAUGHS ABOUT """"FIST BUMPING"""" THE SAUDI PRINCE WTFFF CANT EVEN TALK!!  ImpeachBiden"""
4,I will be holding  to their promise.  They will NEVER raise the price of their coffee until the HEAT DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE.  Which will no doubt be hastened by their silly practice of attaching rolls of PLASTIC GLOVES to the handles of their gas pumps. 
5, You made the inflation you raise the price of gas you spoiled our vacation this year. Guilty guilty guilty.
6,  We could have turned a blind eye to Putin’s barbaric war against Ukraine and the price of gas wouldn’t have spiked the way it ha…
7, Price controls fail. Look at the Carter administration and price controls on gas for an example.
8,     And even though the price of a barrel of crude increased the price of gas was still $2.XX.
9," Unhappy with Biden, all you snowflakes got mad over trump tweets but he said gas prices and inflation and illegal immigrants going up would happen nope he hurt my feelings for calling people names grow up everyone this is the price we pay for incompetent"
10,"  While oil + gas companies continue to profit from dirty fossil fuels, Californians pay the price.

It’s time we held them ac…"
11, Videos policies and nothing else are the reason for the gas price . Don't believe this moron . Pass the blame as usual .
12," THE BROWN STAIN IS THE WORST GOV EVER!!
“Oregon’s average gas price is the 5th-most expensive in the country, at $5.546 per gallon, according to AAA. “"
13,  We could have turned a blind eye to Putin’s barbaric war against Ukraine and the price of gas wouldn’t have spiked the way it ha…
14,"""""""It takes time to have the crude price flow through to the gasoline price.”"
15, Then have those gas companies lower the f*cking price. Tell them to stop price gouging.
16," Gas is too expensive. People are suffering. OMG, Biden fist bumped someone who can help ameliorate the price. The media loves to complain and find fault in everyone but themselves. It's no-win for him."
17, Time to come home! Gas is $5.49 a gallon at Costco. There is something so wrong with celebrating that price.
18," You are just afraid the price of gas will continue to fall, Ms Romney"
19,It’s actually disgusting to see my president groveling to a sociopath for some relief in gas price which won’t happen anyway
20,"""   """"Progressives"""" are people who adhere to victim-driven  19th-century command economics that fail everywhere they're tried"
21,The Era of Expensive Oil Is Here to Stay  
22,"  Cult?
Look in the mirror. 
Record inflation 
Record gas price
Record opioid deaths 
Record illegals 
And wanting to increase taxes.
Looks like a cult if you want to vote for that crap again."
23,"Record-high gas prices might be in the rearview mirror for drivers, as prices at the pump have now fallen 30 days in a row amid a drop in crude oil, "
24,"""""  since you feel making a profit is """"EVIL""""!"""
25,Europe’s Energy Crisis Is So Bad That France Will Nationalize Its Largest Power Company. Here’s The Price Tag  
26,"""   Yes, but it's not the dirty ol """"gas chugging"""" truck of yester years. The price of progress. 🙄😆"""
27,Crazy Uncle Joe Dementia's people gaslighting again!  Gas is twice the price it was when he was installed as president!!!  That's a Biden Loss!!! 
28, Didn't you vote against the bill that would prevent price gouging on gas prices?? OPEC sets gas prices. You failed to help.
29,"No one should have to choose between getting to work and putting food on the table. That's why I called on DeWine to temporarily pause the Ohio gas tax to help deal with the outrageous price of gas.

He refused. 

He cares about scoring political points - not helping Ohioans."
30, Gas price gouging is already illegal.
31,My stores are selling regular gas 3.68 cheapest in town cmon now. Gas prices buying price this morning was 3.21. Everyones capping like crazy!!!!
32,"  Still gouging. Based on price of crude, gas should be about $3/gallon."
33,"   What the hell are you talking about? We no longer have failed leadership, we voted trump out. Bb can not get food? What does that even mean or have to do with price of gas? And what does unborn children have to do with gas prices? You’re bad at this."
34,"  This collection created to support Ukraine in this difficult time of the war
Polygon blockchain/ no gas fees
Floor price 0.0…"
35,"  Joe Biden's policies are BAD for America!

Inflation has reached 9.1%. This is untenable for families who are already st…"
36,   Really sad how your tweets never reflect reality. 
37,  It's been almost a year since Biden asked FTC to investigate whether illegal conduct in energy industry was causing gas price…
38,  It's been almost a year since Biden asked FTC to investigate whether illegal conduct in energy industry was causing gas price…
